refactor: change next integration doc to use server bundling utility function from Stylable (#54)
wixplosives/stylable.io: docs/getting-started/nextjs-integration.md

### Using 3rd-party stylesheets

If your project consumes any 3rd-party Stylable stylesheets, additional configuration is required to ensure that they will be handled by `@stylable/webpack-plugin`:

1. Add an import to `bundleServerLibs` from `@stylable/webpack-plugin`

> 2. Destructure the `isServer` flag in the webpack configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the `isServer` flag from the webpack configuration context in the second argument 
```
